we don't do who he'd love
he wouldn't exist I'm good it's like
nothing really matters to him right now
including me you gotta think real hard
about this do you have people that need
you no I'm taking the fight Victor Drago
son of Ivan Drago who infamously killed
Apollo Creed appeared today to issue a
challenge to Adonis Creed don't do this
I ain't got a choice
let me say that your father said you
died right here in my hands
that kid was raised in Haiti dangerous
he broke things in me that I never been
fixed they worth it
is not just us anymore of day I want to
rewrite history if you want to fight
this man that's your business but don't
pretend this is about your father
this hair is all about my kids
then I'll a tonight of his head it was
right but I
[Music]
the tribulation
this won't be the end of me
are you
they can't because we're a team
[Music]
now you know what you're fighting for
Wow after brow you learn more about
yourself when I stepped in Henry it
wasn't all about me
[Music]